prevent form submission when there is error




Goal:
web app on React JS to verify the 
bank account of a user and save it to the backend after successful verification. 

**The app will be used by Uber cab drivers who may have limited education and language proficiency.
**The app should be designed to be easy to use and intuitive for such users.
---------------------
The app should have two screens:

Screen 1: (transaction details form)
This screen should allow the user to enter their bank account number and IFSC code. 
The user should be prevented from making mistakes when entering their account number. 
You should also validate the entered IFSC using the API provided at http://ifsc.razorpay.com/<ifsc>. 
If the user does not have the IFSC code, provide an option for the user to find it. 
Local validation is required for the entered values.

Screen 2:  (transaction confirmation)
This screen should show the entered details for reference.
Create a mock-up of a Penny Drop API. 
During the Penny Drop, the app should show an animation to keep the user engaged. 
The status of the verification process should be displayed on the UI. 
After verification, let the user confirm if they have received the amount or not.

User Persona:
The app will be used by Uber cab drivers who may have limited education and language proficiency. Use the specific user person below to create the app.

The user is:
A non-native English speaker.
Educated only till class 7 from a public school.
Capable of spelling out English letters but unable to comprehend complex words.
Busy during the day taking rides and uses his phone while working.


How would you be evaluated?


Your submission will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

User experience - The app should be intuitive and easy to use for the user persona.
Code quality - The code should be well-organized, maintainable, and easy to understand.
Architecture - The app should be designed with scalability in mind and should follow best practices.
Functionality- The app should be able to meet all the above outlined requirements.
